Update high-availability.md (#1410)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/databases/high-availability.md

aliases: 
---

> Database replication helps ensure high availability. When replication is enabled, your dataset is duplicated to create a replica, which stays in sync with the primary dataset. Replication allows for automatic failover and greater fault tolerance. This can prevent data loss in the event of a hardware, or zone failure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Database replication helps ensure high availability. When replication is enabled, your dataset is duplicated to create a replica, which stays in sync with the primary dataset. Replication allows for automatic failover and greater fault tolerance. This can prevent data loss in the event of a hardware or zone failure. 
```

Redis Enterprise Cloud supports three levels of replication:

- _No replication_ means that you will have a single copy of your database.
- _Single-zone replication_ means that your database will have a primary and a replica located in the same zone of a cloud region. 
- _Multi-zone replication_ means that the primary and its replicas are stored in different zones of a cloud region. This means that your database can remain online even if an entire zone becomes unavailable.

Your replication options depend on which subscription plan you're using:

- _Free_ plans do not support replication.

> - _Fixed_ plans allow you to choose between no replication, single-zone replication or multi-zone replication during the subscription creation. There is no option to upgrade or downgrade between signle-zone to multi-zone subscirption. There is no option to turn-off replication on the multi-zone fixed subscirption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Fixed_ plans let you choose between no replication, single-zone replication, or multi-zone replication when creating a subscription.  

    Once a subscription has been created, you cannot change replication or zone settings.  (To make such changes, create a new subscription and then migrate your data to it.)
```

Author: This changes the meaning: "Once a subscription has been created, you cannot change replication" 
This page doesn't talk about cache/standard/multi-az subscription, so I don't think we should add details that we can migrate from no HA plan to Single HA plan. I do think we should point out that there is not way to upgrade/downgrade between the single zone/multi-zone subscriptions. 

How about: Once a subscription has been created, you cannot upgrade/downgrade from single to multi-zone subscription or change zone settings.  (To make such changes, create a new subscription and then migrate your data to it using replica of or backup and restore.)

Reviewer: Updated to the language we discussed off-line.

> - _Flexible_ plans allow multi-zone subscription by default or signle-zone (both types allow to turn of replication completely, but do not allow upgrade or downgrade between single and multi-az subscriptions). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Flexible_ plans allow multi-zone or single-zone subscriptions by default.  Each type allows replication to be disabled entirely.  

   Once the subscription is created, though, you cannot switch zone settings. 
```
